Add Process Ancestry Tree section (#15191)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/explorer.md

  {{< img src="security_platform/security_monitoring/explorer/anomaly-detection.png" alt="Anomaly detection graph" >}}

> ### Process Ancestry Tree in CWS signals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Process ancestry tree in CWS signals
```

> Datadog Cloud Workload Security signals come equipped with a Process Ancestry Tree to detect potentially malicious activity in your systems. Identify any suspicious processes and determine the extent of an attack for better investigation and remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Cloud Workload Security signals come equipped with a process ancestry tree to detect potentially malicious activity in your systems. Identify any suspicious processes and determine the extent of an attack for better investigation and remediation.
```

  {{< img src="security_platform/cws/ProcessTree.png" alt="Process Tree waterfall graph" >}}
  

> The waterfall structure shed lights on the consecutive executions of child processes associated with contextual information. The metadata for each process helps you gain more visibility into the system activity and spot security breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The waterfall structure shows the consecutive executions of child processes associated with contextual information. The metadata for each process helps you gain more visibility into the system activity and spot security breaches.
```

Key types of information:

> * `command line` to identify what Unix utility the process has spawned. 
> * `environment variables` to determine if any sensitive information were inherited to processes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `command line` to identify which Unix utility the process spawned. 
* `environment variables` to determine if the process inherited any sensitive information. 
```

> Key types information:
> * `command-line` to identify what unix utility the process has spawned. 
> * `environment variables` to determine if any sensitive information were inherited to processes. 
> * `command-line arguments` to collect any identifying data used by an attacker while the process was running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key types of information:
* `command line` to identify what Unix utility the process has spawned. 
* `environment variables` to determine if any sensitive information were inherited to processes. 
* `command line arguments` to collect any identifying data used by an attacker while the process was running.
```
